Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solveda-multi-function-calculator-bmi
<br>
In this course, we will be building a multi-function calculator. As the first step towards that goal, we will write a program that does some basic arithmetic operations. Body Mass Index (BMI) is a value used to get an idea if a person is of a healthy weight. There is some controversy surrounding the use of this metric, but it is an interesting thing to take a look at. The formula for BMI is: BMI = ( Weight in Pounds / ( Height in inches x Height in inches ) ) x 703 Your task for this assignment is to write a program that prompts the user for their weight in pounds and height in inches and computes their BMI. Then, ask the user what they would like their BMI to be and tell them what they would need to weigh in order to have that BMI. Here is a sample run of the program: How much do you weigh (in pounds)? 115 How tall are you (in inches)? 65 Your BMI is 19.13491124260355 A BMI between 20 and 24 is considered ideal. What would you like your BMI to be? 22 Your weight needs to be 132.21906116642955 pounds for your BMI to be 22.0 You will be graded according to the following rubric (each item is worth 1 point): • You have declared variables of the appropriate data types. • You have prompted the user for the required information. • You have read the user’s information and stored it in variables. • You have correctly computed the BMI. • You have correctly computed the weight for the target BMI. • You have displayed the results of the computations to the user. • Your program compiles. • Your program runs. • You follow standard coding conventions (e.g variable names, indentation, comments, etc). • Your Eclipse project was exported correctly.